ladies and gentlemen the seatbelt sign
will be switched off shortly for your
own safety we recommended that you keep
your seatbelt loosely passed and in case
of any unexpected turbulence
my name is so my n on the cabin service
director cavity nearest miss alline the
quran and i will be happy to offer any
assistance you may require throughout
the flight will be shortly saving your
breakfast also in your seat pocket
you'll find a copy of the climate is
life it a brochure to ensure your health
I'm helping during the flight reported
that timing is already began for further
details please refer to the copy of the
employee to the members in the sick
pocket in front of you the info for your
genuine service and hospitality which
I'm terrible with all they would like to
know how will they achieve this to the
end we welcome your feedback if you
would love to tell us your thoughts at
Memorial Airport should you need
assistance in completing the place
colony of the cabin
they also have an external in job duty
people those forces on where the details
please refer to the employee table
magazine thank you and enjoy the flight
you